Dear Hiring Manager,

Application for the Post of [Senior Multimedia Designer]

I am writing to express my interest for UX/UI Designer as advertised in linkedin on 6-Apr-22.

My name is K. I graduated a High Diploma of Multimedia Web Development & Digital Entertainment, and I am currently a freelance visual designer.

In my previously position, I am a Senior Web Designer with over 10 years experience in various digital design, with 5 years solid experience in UI field where a focus on digital experience, website, apps, online/offline campaigns digital assets.

As a UI Designer, Experience with Hong Kong renowned businesses such as UMG Hong Kong to redesign website and achieved business goal increasing 52% onsite dwell time and website traffic to enhance their business digital performance.

I have a positive working attitude, possess relevant knowledge and good communication skills required for this job. Looking to share skills and achieve important projects.

Enclosed please find professional portfolio at below link, and more detail in resume page two for your evaluation. i would love to share with you my enthusiasm for design.
Online Portfolio: https://bit.ly/KEI_Portfolio

My salary requirement is negotiable based upon the job requirements and the total compensation package. I would expect the salary range of the position to be between $20,000 and $22,000.

Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to hearing from you and learning more about [Commercial Radio Productions Ltd].


Yours sincerely,
WONG SIU KEI


-----------------------------------------------------------


尊敬的招聘經理，

高級多媒體設計師職位申請

我寫信是為了表達我對 22 年 1 月 3 日在 jobsDB 中宣傳的高級多媒體設計師的興趣。

我叫基。我畢業於多媒體高級文憑，目前是一名自由視覺設計師。

在我之前的職位上，我是一名高級網頁設計師，在各種數字設計方面擁有超過 10 年的經驗，在 UI 領域擁有 5 年的豐富經驗，專注於數字體驗、網站、應用程序、在線和離線視覺活動和宣傳概念。

作為一名設計師，曾與香港知名企業如 UMG Hong Kong 合作，重新設計網站並實現業務目標，增加 52% 的現場停留時間和網站流量，以提升其業務數字化績效。

我有積極的工作態度，具備工作所需的相關知識和良好的溝通能力。希望分享技能並完成重要項目。

隨附請在下面的鏈接中找到專業組合，並在簡歷第二頁中找到更多詳細信息以供您評估。我很樂意與您分享我對設計的熱情。
在線作品集：bit.ly/KEI_Portfolio

我的工資要求可以根據工作要求和總薪酬方案進行協商。我預計該職位的薪水範圍在 22,000 美元到 24,000 美元之間。

感謝您考慮我的申請。我期待收到您的來信並了解更多關於 Commercial Radio Productions Ltd. 的信息。


此致，
黃兆基 