ref:
https://www.cakeresume.com/resources/5-steps-to-write-a-good-english-cover-letter#opening

https://www.jobhero.com/cover-letter/examples/graphic-web-design/ui-ux-designer



Dear Hiring Manager,

I am K, I am writing this letter to express my interest in your posting on { LinkedIn } for the { UX/UI Designer } position, and I am excited with the opportunity to showcase my technical skills with your company.

During my previous role, I am a Senior Web Designer at the tag digital company with 4 years solid experience in UI field, creating seamless digital experience for various clients. I worked with development teams, where a focus on Website, Apps and Online/Offline campaigns, where I have honed my skills by running numerous successful digital project. 

As a UI Designer, Experience with Universal Music Group (Hong Kong) renowned music record company to redesign website and achieved business goal. I optimized entire website experience and increasing user 52% onsite dwell time and 45% website traffic to enhance their business online performance.

Your company recent develop of the mobile app "rollcase" is a perfect example of your user-centered approach and adaptability. I was so impressed by its design and functionality that strongly aligns with my values as a Designer. I believe I would be a great fit for your team.

I thrive in a fast paced environment that requires a lot of quick thinking and problem solving knowledge. Moreover, I love working with people.


---------------

The professional digital solutions with your company is very appealing for me, I realized the importance of UX implementation while previous serving as a UI designer. UX is responsible for creating the logic behind the design. I would say it can be called the bones of the digital product. I believe I am enabled to grow my skill and expertise further while working with you. In the meanwhile, I’m confident that my experience will allow me to contribute to the team’s success.

Now that XYZ Company is entering the consumer space, I can bring a lot of practical insight to the team. 

-----------

Although i have no working experience in UX field, I have been self-studying UX skills via online resources. I take full UX/UI case study for my online portfolio is available at https://bit.ly/KEI_Portfolio, and more detail for your evaluation.

I am thrilled at the opportunity to leverage my expertise and skill with your company. The document attached is my resume, and feel free to contact me anytime via mobile and email if you have any questions. I am looking forward to speaking with you for more detail of this opportunity. Thank you for your time and consideration.


Sincerely,
WONG SIU KEI






Additionally, I enjoy working with like-minded people and I am ready to take on a management position in your company. I love a challenge, and i know i can keep your IT infrastructure to more stable.

Regular catchup with stakeholders to gather insights or ask feedback to achieve project goals.



-----------------------------------------------------------



尊敬的招聘經理，

我是 K，擁有多媒體和網絡高級文憑。我寫這封信是為了表達我對您在 {LinkedIn} 上發布 {UX/UI Designer} 職位的興趣，我很高興有機會在貴公司展示我的技術技能。

在我之前的職位上，我是一名資深網頁設計師，擁有超過 10 年的各種數字設計經驗，在 UI 領域有 5 年的紮實經驗，我與項目經理和後端開發人員合作順利，專注於網站、應用程序、數字資產和在線/離線活動。

作為一名UI設計師，曾與環球音樂集團（香港）知名唱片公司重新設計網站並實現業務目標。我優化了整個網站體驗，增加了 52% 的用戶停留時間和 45% 的網站流量，以提高他們的業務數字性能。

貴公司的專業數字解決方案對我很有吸引力，我在之前擔任 UI 設計師時意識到了 UX 實施的重要性。 UX 負責創建設計背後的邏輯。我會說它可以稱為數字產品的骨骼。雖然我沒有 UX 領域的工作經驗，但我一直在通過在線資源自學 UX 技能。我相信在與您合作的同時，我能夠進一步提高我的技能和專業知識。同時，我相信我的經驗將使我能夠為團隊的成功做出貢獻。


隨附請在下面的鏈接中找到我的作品集，以及更多詳細信息以供您評估。
在線作品集：https://bit.ly/KEI_Portfolio

我很高興有機會在貴公司利用我的專業知識和技能。附件是我的簡歷，如有任何問題，請隨時通過手機和電子郵件與我聯繫。我期待與您交談，了解更多關於這個機會的細節。感謝您的時間和考慮。


此致，
黃兆基 