Hello [Client’s Name],

I’d really like to work with you on this one if possible!

I am here to represent myself as a qualified candidate for the post of [UX & UI] Designer as you posted on Upwork. I fit best for your need for my working experience that I have in the field.

I’m a Multimedia Designer with more than 5 years working experience in Visual and User Interface Design. I have done design work for client in a variety of digital field including the following: [Digital assets, Website design, App interface, Social media artwork, and illustration].

Moreover, I am always passionate about designing. I am always thirsty for designing and creating new dimensions.

However, I am new to Upwork and looking to get a few clients that I can build upon. If you take a look at my work and feel that I could help you. You’ll get top quality work and great professional service from me.

You can have a look at my upwork portfolio. I am waiting for your response. 


Regards,
Kei


------------------------------------------------


Talk with client:
20 questions to ask your client before any design project
https://99designs.hk/blog/tips/questions-to-ask-your-client/



------------------------------------------------
Cover letter v2

Dear Hiring Manager,
I am applying for the job posting where you have mentioned your need for a UX and UI Designer. I would be very happy if you please consider my candidature for the posting.

I want to give you a clear view of the contribution I can make to your product development efforts as a UX designer. My educational background is mainly IT, in which I hold both a High diploma of Mulimedia and Networking. 

Now as for my UI designing skills, I have been involved in various projects in UI development for mobile applications for the last five years. I worked closely with the product team, which have all improved user experience and this has aided my talented knowledge in the course and responsibilities of this position. So for every possible reason, I can claim that I have proficient knowledge in the process and responsibilities required for this position.

I have a sharp visual sense of what users are looking for. So I can back it up with experience in both UI design aspects of web and software, such as Adobe Creative Suite and XD.

If you want to communicate with me, I'm always available on Email and Skype. I am looking forward to putting my 60 working hours per week on this project with your permission.

Thanks for considering,
Sincerely
Write down (your name here)


I also possess great skills in the graphics side of web design, experimenting with programs in the 


------------------------------------------------